# Zen-Bank-Login
ZEN Bank is one of the fastest growing bank  in India.  It needs to automate all the transactions performed in the bank.  As a beginning of this process, they are developing the Login page which will take the user name and password as inputs. To facilitate this requirement enhance the designed Web page “ZEN BANK - LOGIN” which has the below fields.  All validations should be based on HTML 5 (Do not use JavaScript).  All fields are mandatory.        Label Name  Component  Name  Description  User name  userName  To enter the user name of the customer.  The text “Enter your user name” should be displayed by default in the text box. When the user starts entering the value, this text should disappear.     Password  password  To enter the password of the customer.   The text “Enter the password” should be displayed by default in the text box.  At present when the password is entered the text is visible.  Make the necessary changes so that the text entered for password  is masked.  Password can contain alphabets, numbers and underscore. It should  contain a minimum of 8 and a maximum of 15 characters.   Remember me  rememberMe  This component is a check box.  Make the necessary changes to change this radio button to a check box.    submit   Value of this component is Sign In and its type is 'submit'.    reset   Value of this component is Clear and its type is 'reset;.     Note:  1. The heading should be done using &lt;h1> tag with the text : “ZEN BANK - LOGIN”.   2. Do not change the given template.  Write necessary code only in the provided places.    Sample Webpage:      On providing the values the web page should look as follows :    Important Note : Please, specify the all the component/element names as specified in the description.
